Make DST longer and upper-case prefixes. (#204)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

instantiations of the following functionalities:

- `GG`: A prime-order group exposing the API detailed in {{pog}}, with base

>   point, HashToGroup, HashToScalar, and serialization functionalities defined
>   in the corresponding reference for each group. For HashToGroup, the domain
>   separation tag (DST) is constructed to satisfy the recommendations in
>   {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}}, Section 3.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  point defined in the corresponding reference for each group. Each group also
  specifies HashToGroup, HashToScalar, and serialization functionalities. For 
  HashToGroup, the domain separation tag (DST) is constructed in accordance
  with the recommendations in {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}}, Section 3.1.
```

- Group: ristretto255 {{!RISTRETTO=I-D.irtf-cfrg-ristretto255-decaf448}}
  - HashToGroup(): hash_to_ristretto255
    {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}} with DST =

>     "VOPRF05-HashToGroup-" || contextString, where contextString is that which is

Reviewer: Can we add text (to the parent section) describing the rationale for this choice? For example:

~~~
Each ciphersuite specifies the HashToGroup operation for the corresponding group.
The domain separation tag (DST) for this operation is constructed to satisfy the 
recommendations in {{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve}}, Section 3.1.
~~~
